hey what's up in today's episode I have
the privilege of interviewing Eddie
Cumberbatch who just turned 19 years old
yet his social media marketing agency is
making thirty thousand dollars per month
if you're someone who wants to grow a
following online or you need to make
better content I highly recommend
continuing to watch or listen to today's
episode Eddie is a content creator
himself in addition to being a business
owner and he is a really great strategic
funnel about how to grow your audience
and transition them from just followers
into actual customers or leads for your
business
all right so Eddie thank you so much for
joining us today I would love if you
could start by just telling us a little
bit about about yourself and your
background I know on some of your
content I've seen like your College
Dropout you formally had like a nine to
five so tell me a little bit about how
you got here today and who the heck even
are you so my name is Eddie Cumberbatch
I'm a 19 year old entrepreneur
um content creator
so I've been
on Tick Tock for the last three years
making content in high school
um I started like a reselling business
for sneakers and I gotta like share my
journey I mean I'll scroll on Tech talk
and I thought that it'd be
um something that people would be
interested in so I started making
content sharing that and I grew an
audience and started to build
um a community and people were asking me
just build a community so I kind of
turned it into a business that was like
my first business
and then basically from there I've just
been continuing to post content and Test
new things trying new things out and so
recently I started an agency
um helping other people with content and
regarding businesses through content and
I did that in November
dropped out of college to go all in on
my social media marketing just Tick Tock
just because I see a lot of potential in
like this new I'm a short form video
um industry and so I went all in on that
in November it is now June and
we've scaled our agency to around 30k a
month now consistently
that's that's super impressive I think a
lot of people see potential and they're
like hey maybe I had a reel that did
really well or hey I went to this
conference and I heard about this new
thing and I'm getting really excited but
actually making the jump to drop out of
college or to leave whatever like
traditional safe job you might have had
before
um that's scary so how did you how did
you actually make that leap because like
you know a lot of people probably feel
like they want to but how did you
actually get to that point so I mean
even in high school I kind of knew that
I didn't want to go to college I mean I
had a business that was doing really
well
um at the time and I told my parents say
I don't want to go to college I think I
want to try taking a gap year
but they were like yo you should go make
us happy uh and just be secure be safe
you know have that Back-up Plan and so I
listened to them and I went and I got
there and I realized that it wasn't for
me just the whole culture and the stuff
the time I had to spend doing things
that I've been like doing it just didn't
really make sense and so I was going
back and forth between dropping out for
a while
um and then the thing that really just
pushed me over was realizing that
I like it felt like I blinked and I
looked back and I realized two lungs
have had passed and I know that like
with that time so much could have been
done that was spent doing other things
and so I was like I mean worst case
scenario I can go back to school
yeah if like whenever and so I just
decided let's try it out go all in and
see what happens in the next few months
I love that I heard someone recently say
you know you can always go back to it
you can always go back to school you can
always go back to the nine to five
um but I I love that kind of being faced
with reality of what would have happened
in the last two months
um while you were in school how did you
feel once you did make that decision
because I know you just mentioned your
parents to make them happy by going to
college how did you feel once you did
actually like make that that switch and
go all in on content creation and now
starting this agency so I actually
didn't tell them which is uh at first it
was a pretty funny that uh I didn't tell
them and I just did it and
a week later my mom called me and I was
like Hey I was classes going
um and I like was lying to her and she's
like are you sure you didn't drop out
somehow she knew I guess mothers just
always know Mom Mom's always no yeah and
so that was like really interesting but
the right one I did drop out it was like
such a relief such a weight off my chest
it was like freeing because I went from
having like class on most days from like
10 till three or four whatever it was
having to worry about homework and
worrying about like studying and all
this stuff at College having a
completely free scheduling calendar and
I hadn't had something like that I mean
high school and then the summer before I
was traveling and so I was busy I
wouldn't have the time to fully dedicate
into my business every single day every
single hour and so just having like
literally from the time I wake up to the
time I go to sleep being able to focus
and put my full attention on business
was just like it was amazing to be
honest I think that's why I grew so fast
I love that that's awesome
um you're 19 years old right you just
turned 19 like about almost exactly a
month ago at the time we're recording
this right
awesome well happy birthday and
congratulations I hope our listeners are
inspired because you're only 19 years
old and you're crushing it
um talk to me more about like the
stresses or the unique pressures that
you feel that you might face because
you're so young
um and maybe what that might be how that
might be different if you were say in
your 40s and had a family I feel like a
lot of people my age can relate to this
I feel like everyone is is just hearing
like sing I mean especially with tech
talk and just
um the way social media is now they are
all seeing other people doing really
well and so they feel like they need to
be doing well like yesterday like they
feel like that this is something that
they should be doing and if they're not
then they're wasting their life you
waste their time
um and so there's always the pressure to
do more and so I feel like that's a big
like
misconception like I feel like there's
never going to be a time when you're
going to be happy with where you're at
because there's always just more levels
to the game I've talked to a lot of
people who are further ahead than me and
I've looked up to them for a while and
then I've actually got to sit down and
have a conversation with them and
they've been like yeah I've been doing
this since I was 14 I'm 21 now doing
like seven figures a month but every
single week I just realize that there's
more more levels to this and it's just
like a disciple
and so yeah I feel like that's one thing
that I've struggled with is just like
realizing that I have to be grateful for
I'm non-stop
only focusing on the future and what's
next does that make sense yeah totally
how do you balance that do you have any
checks in place because I definitely
myself time to time feel like you know
there's more always more I could be
doing more and especially on social
media you know I can like look at this
person who's 16 years old and they just
bought a house and they're making you
know millions of dollars every month
um so there is always more so how do you
balance that out for yourself personally
how do you check yourself
um and how do you make sure that you
don't fall victim to this um Society in
this Rat Race competition that we live
in
so the way that I've been doing things
recently and I like it a lot I mean this
is why I'm in Mexico so we have a system
where it's like we'll grind really
really hard for three months and then
take a little mini Break
um to take a step back and reflect and
see kind of what happened during the
last three months see what we did great
on
um and I actually enjoy the fruits of
our our labor and so that's kind of why
I'm out here in Mexico for two weeks now
to set like take a step back and reset
and so like yesterday was the first day
that I've ever like taken fully off in
like six months probably like I I didn't
take any calls I didn't I mean okay I
did like 15 20 maybe 30 minutes of work
but that's like the the least amount of
work I've done in the last like six
months I spent the entire day on a boat
with my friends and I was just like
sitting there and like realizing like
wow I remember talking about this six
months ago like I can't wait to do this
and now I'm actually here and we had to
keep constantly reminding ourselves to
just be present and enjoy the moment
because we kept thinking about oh I
can't wait to get back to work and all
this but we had to just keep reminding
ourselves just to be present and enjoy
what we've worked for
I love that that is flipping awesome I
want to commend you on that like that's
that's really really cool and that's
tough to do speaking from one
entrepreneur and content creator to
another that's really tough to do so um
I admire that and that's awesome I know
that you are probably going to be
younger than the majority of our
listeners but I would still love to hear
what advice would you give to your
younger self or even just a younger
content creator in general who maybe
wants to emulate what you've done and
get to where you're at I would say that
for one you got to surround yourself
with the right people
um if you don't have people who are kind
of on the same path as you
um you'll be distracted
um if they're not in your circle and so
for one just getting around people will
make sure that they're trying to do
something similar to you or the same
thing as you and then obviously I'm very
biased in this but you need to be on
social media no matter what you're doing
no matter what type of business you're
running being on social media will
10x 100x a thousand times the
the time and the speed it'll take you to
get where you're trying to go
um and it'll open so many doors for you
and then also I would just say you have
to just fail no you're gonna fail
um like we're fixing a lot of failures
that we've had recently like right now
um no matter where you're at there's
gonna be problems you're going to run
into so you just have to know that like
this whole business thing is really just
fixing whatever the problem is um and
then check it out with a nice problem is
to fix
yeah I like to say that as entrepreneurs
like it's our job to basically just be
paid problem solvers like uh my wife's
always like what do you do on a daily
basis and I'm like I just put out fires
like you know this thing goes wrong this
thing breaks this thing doesn't go as
planned and just constantly putting out
those fires and fixing those things
um one thing that I love talking now
about like your content uh especially on
Tick Tock I love your fast-paced daily
Vlogs
um I think they're super well done
they're quick cut you have a really
gorgeous apartment high-rise apartment
in Chicago which you know the Aesthetics
are always nice for that
um but talk to me more about your daily
life of course like I know right now
you're taking this little siesta in
Mexico but a normal work day day in
Eddie's life walk me through what that
looks like okay so typically I wake up
um I used to have a really strict sleep
schedule but it's kind of good more
relaxed so I wake up around six to seven
um and then go work out at my boy
Renzo's group who lives next to me
um so I'll do that do buy a little
morning routine I meditate take cold
showers drink coffee and read and then I
get right into work typically around
nine
um and what that looks like is some deep
work and so that could be scripting out
some content or some ideas
um working on some back end stuff for
our agency and working with clients and
then around uh 11 to 12 I'll start
taking my first few sales calls of the
day and then I have sales calls from
around 11 till
like four or five six depending on how
booked out I am and so deep work in the
morning sales midday and then at the end
of the day I'll consume on out learn so
whether that's from The Mastermind that
I'm currently in or just some YouTube
content um reading or anything that's
gonna
um
help me learn more and increase uh my
skills
um I'll typically consume something like
that in the evening and then wind down
hit the hot tub or go get dinner with my
friends
um we used to film content every day
like at six after work but I switched my
content style now to this like Vlog
lifestyle stuff and so instead of like
content days where we sit down and film
the videos we're speaking to the camera
it's more like uh b-roll days where we
go out and just do fun stuff and get
clips of it
um for b-roll for the vlogs but yeah
that's basically what my days look like
gotcha and Chipotle for lunch every day
right every single day yeah so around
our Fest it's a tube I don't eat I just
drink coffee
um I think I order a bowl every day just
threw up too
um deliver it
it's amazing how I mean I haven't before
I moved to Chicago I lived in Tennessee
and so the nearest Chipotle was like
20 minute drive or something like that
but I can see it from my window now and
so like I could actually someday see the
driver pick up the bowl come come to my
crib which is really cool
I love that I love that and you know
like all jokes aside
um it's part of optimizing that workflow
right because it would take you x amount
of time to stop your work get out of
your your deep work or your sales calls
and go like make a meal get all the
groceries first and foremost cook the
meal prepare it and like there's
definitely a time and place for that but
um it can also be super beneficial to
increase productivity to just have that
delivered
um and so I love that
um how do you balance work in life
because it sounds like there's a lot of
work in there and there's nothing
necessarily wrong with that but how do
you balance the the the work and the
life and the play is it just scheduling
months off or scheduling time off like
in Mexico like right now
so yeah that's that's
um one of the main ways that we do it is
we just
try to play ahead and think okay we know
that we're the type of people who can
put in like consistent effort but it
would be
higher quality effort if we did give
ourselves some time off and so after
these last two big Sprints which were
three months long we are testing out
something new which is like we're gonna
do five weeks of like really really
really hard ground and then take like a
little three-day weekend to ourselves
um and then also just throughout the
week it's hard to get
to stay focused um and see the bigger
picture and so
a way that we kind of just treat
ourselves or relax it's like I'll get
dinner with my friends like a couple
times a week like I think the night
before I left
um we got a really nice dinner but
obviously still talking business most
the time
um but just having things like that
hanging out with friends in the evening
um
is a great way to just like give myself
a break and take a step back from like
the day-to-day grind totally you keep
saying we and we're we're taking time
off and we are going to try this with
our business
um so it sounds like you have a decent
sized team tell me more about your team
what do they do for you and how did you
find these different team members to
work with in your agency okay 100 so
I guess the biggest part of we as my
business partner Brady
um and we've been
business partners since I see I think we
started our first business when I was 15
and he was 16.
um so that's like three four years now
um and met him in high school minimum
first day of school on the bus but we
didn't become business partners until
around sophomore year of high school or
Junior I think it was end of sophomore
um
but so he handles a lot of the back end
operations
um Cloud fulfillment stuff and I have
more front-end Marketing sales
um and then we have a little team built
out on the the front end
um so some Setters uh not no closures
yet I still do all the sales for myself
um and then some va's and then we had a
team for editing and content creation on
the back yet
um
that's about it I mean we're pretty lean
it's not much
um but yeah
gotcha you're uh you're talking about
Setters so that's like appointment
Setters is that right yeah okay
enclosures it's currently just you and
that's like sales call people who are
actually closing the sale right yep okay
so if I'm understanding correctly I'd
love for you to explain a little bit
more but basically you have a social
media marketing agency people apply to
then be set on an appointment schedule
and then you actually have that
appointment and run them through a
potential sales call if they're a good
fit tell me more about that process I'd
love to learn more yeah so that's that's
basically exactly what it looks like so
um there's a couple of offers that we
have
um but we'll have business owners coming
to us who have a problem the problem is
typically they don't have enough calls
for their own um offer or they can't get
more clients they can't close the calls
um and so they'll come to us and I'll
have to take a look at their business
um so first our Center will like make
sure that you have a business and see
what business they're running and and if
it is a business that I could work with
whop on a call and I'll dive into it see
what they're doing that is working see
what they're doing that's not working
um and then if I see a way that I could
help them with what I do with Tick Tock
um I like to know what that looks like
and see if they're interested in working
together and if they are they'll pay me
whatever the price is for my service
and we end up working together on that
end and then me and Brady help them on
the back end with the strategy and
helped develop the systems for their
business to start growing getting fixing
whatever that bottleneck was for them
gotcha gotcha I know you just said Tick
Tock what are your thoughts on Tick Tock
versus Instagram Tick Tock first
Instagram versus YouTube shorts you know
where do all of those fit into the
ecosystem so for me it's not a question
of tick tock or or Tick Tock versus it's
became Tick Tock plus you need to be
using them in Tangent Tick Tock and
Instagram together is
they create a system that is very
um
so
with Tick Tock itself like you can build
out and you can build an audience get a
lot of eyeballs really really fast but
that audience won't really have a lot of
weight or depth
um but if you can take that traffic from
Tick Tock and push it to Instagram
Instagram's more of like a community
platform I like to look at it like that
um you can interact with the community
there's stories
um there's so many more interactive
features
Instagram feels more personal and so
using Tick Tock to push traffic to
Instagram and then using Instagram to
build a community and strengthen that
relationship and is what everyone should
be doing instead of just thinking oh I
should only be able to take their garage
only focus on Instagram you to focus on
both of them and find a way for them to
work together does that make sense
absolutely absolutely I mean that's how
you and I got connected I found you on
Tick Tock I think I found you originally
from one of your Vlogs and then I
started following you and I started
seeing a bunch more and I was like wow I
really I love this guy's content and
he's so successful at such a young age
and then to actually like build our
relationship and start having like
conversations and now to get you onto
the podcast we started having those
messages on D on the DMS on Instagram so
no I absolutely agree what do you think
about YouTube is YouTube like the king
of all platforms is it just another
platform where do you think YouTube fits
in with all this so YouTube is the the
probably the best and the the biggest
platform
um like all these short form platforms
are great for getting attention really
fast
but you also like I said Tick Tock
doesn't have a lot of depth and
Instagram doesn't have that much depth
as well and so if you are looking to go
deep on Concepts and value YouTube is
the place you need to be having
um say a thousand followers on Tick Tock
is nothing in comparison to having a
thousand Subs on YouTube like each track
person is so much more valuable they've
gotten more value from you and there's
more trust um built there through
YouTube so I think everyone does need to
be on YouTube like I recently have
started diving into YouTube myself as
well I will even posted three videos but
I've already seen the power of it like
my third video that I posted I think
it's at probably around 4 000 views now
which compared to the numbers I get on
Tick Tock is nothing but
the results I've gotten the people who
have came to me
are much higher quality they already
know me they already trust me and
they're more likely they won't work with
me just because they sat down and
watched a 10 minute video of me talking
about a topic
um it's really cool to see it I totally
agree I think if I was thinking about it
in my head like 4 000 views on YouTube I
would much rather have that than 40 000
on Tick Tock but I was thinking about
what if we took this like up by 10x
would you rather have
first of all would you agree with what I
just said that 4 000 views on YouTube
would be better than 40 000 on Tick Tock
I completely agree with that okay so
what about 4 000 views on YouTube
Compared to 400 000 on Tick Tock which
one went there
yeah I probably still would go with
YouTube to be honest because Tick Tock
is like you could anyone could go viral
doing anything on Tick Tock yeah but is
that gonna turn into something else not
not necessarily I have a lot of friends
like I have a friend who they get a
video that four million views and he
gained maybe 300 or 400 followers and
on the monetary aspects that contributed
to like no money in his pocket and so I
know with YouTube If you were to get
even just 4 000 views that most more
than likely if you have a business and
you are so like something will attribute
to some type of monetization yeah I
agree I agree
um okay so you posted a tick tock
recently and I loved it you said that
there were three big differences between
a good content creator and a bad content
creator so I'm putting you on the spot
you're gonna have to remember what you
said in that video but I would love if
you could share that with my audience of
what is the difference between someone
who's not very good maybe they suck at
making content and someone who makes
good content and they're actually
growing and increasing their engagement
okay 100 and so I'm gonna give you three
points I don't know if they're the exact
same three points I know one of them is
for sure
um this was the biggest point of that
video and it's the one that I still
every day I think about consistently
um but for one first of all a good
content creator needs to think about the
audience and not just themselves yeah
that you want people to see need to be
posting content that other people are
actually going to enjoy they're going to
get value from and they're going to
actually sit down and watch so when I'm
making a video I sit and I ask myself
what does my audience look like like
who's in my audience and if I was them
and I saw this on my free page would
actually sit there and watch the entire
video from start to finish
um and so that's what I'm constantly
thinking about I'm thinking about the
audience and not just myself I don't
care about what I want them to see I
just think about what they would want to
see
second of all
um you need to be authentic that was the
biggest point of the last video is just
you need to be true to yourself not
really just out here fronting or posing
um for anything people can see through
that very easily
um and like I've had people come to me
so my friends they they run a really
really successful business more
successful than me like three four five
times bigger than me
um and so they they live a life nice
life and so I had someone else come to
me that was in a
kind of a beginner a different position
and they're like should I be making
content like these people and showing My
Lifestyle like how do I get lifestyle
content like this and I was like listen
bro you're not in that position so
there's no need for you to like act like
you're in a position that you're not
like for me
it's cool on Tick Tock because you can
kind of see a progression of
um like if you scroll through my account
you can kind of see how I've progressed
over time so you can see my content go
from me making videos in my college
storm to me having my like success with
the business to now where I'm at where
I'm I'm in Mexico right now and then I
live in a nice apartment now you can
kind of see that that transition but
when I first started I wasn't making any
content about like my life or what I do
or anything like that I was strictly
providing value and so
that's my third point is you need to
provide value and value can come in
three forms
um there's probably more but there are
three main forms that I look at it is
you can entertain someone
you can educate them or you can drive an
emotional response whether that's like
fear happiness motivation sadness and so
you need to provide value in your
content
gotcha there was one thing that you
mentioned also I saw on another Tick
Tock um that was such a good point that
I was glad that you said it because I
felt that it was something that needed
to be said and it was cool to see your
own progression in this and you were
talking about being a good speaker not
necessarily having to be like a public
speaker but just being able to like
communicate on video and communicate
online myself personally it's really
funny to watch my old videos
um and just like the pacing and the
stuttering or the like you know I sound
like I'm like a broadcast host on like
NFL Sunday football
um but I would love for you to talk a
little bit more about that and how that
relates to content okay for sure so I
mean
content is video most people that make
content now speak on video and so being
able to communicate and tell a story and
tell a story thoroughly and clearly
um is very important because I mean if
you're not able to get that through
um the person on the other end that's
watching it is like it's gonna be bored
every content creator uh needs to like
practice speaking and that practice just
comes through reps so every day when
you're making videos this is kind of how
I got good
um and I want to say I'm the best like
this is still something that I work on
all the time
um like when I first started out making
videos it was terrible like each video
would take me probably like five six
seven tries to get it right each
sentence would take me so many different
tries to get it right but as I made more
and more videos the time got faster like
I've been I see this progression with my
clients all the time and like my
business partner Brady as well like he
started making content two three months
ago seriously and he was like yo this
takes me three hours to make one video
like recording it alone is like a 30 40
minute process then editing it is like
super long
um but as he went through like a week
later he was like oh it only takes me an
hour now and then like two or three
weeks four weeks later he was like yeah
it takes me about 30 40 minutes to make
a video now and he had a lot of success
you think he's gained 20 000 followers
in the last two months
um and he told me as well that
the biggest thing that attributed to
that was his speaking and his
comfortability on camera so he's he went
from like being monotone and Dole and
kind of come out on camera to where he
was like shouting at the camera showing
a lot of emotion through his voice like
just showing his true personality
um and then he also obviously got better
at speaking uh
but yeah it's a very very important
skill for all content creators to help
totally I have two more questions for
you second to last question what's the
best way to get in contact with you
where can we learn more if we want to
potentially
um you know get on a call and maybe join
the agency what's the best way to get
connected with you 100 so if you haven't
already you can check out my Tick Tock
it's Eddie Cumberbatch
um spelled like Benedict cumber
vegetables his name and then also if you
are interested in what I do learning
more about that I have a free school
community that kind of walks you through
content creation and starting a online
service based business
um and using content to grow that
business and so the link to that is
going to be on my social somewhere so
you can just go check out my tech talk
or find it on Instagram and you'll
you'll end up in that Community awesome
and then Eddie last question before I
let you go here and enjoy the rest of
your Mexico day
um what advice would you give if you
could only give one piece of advice one
tip to anyone watching or listening to
this let's say they skip the entire rest
of the podcast and they just four
forward fast forwarded to this one
answer what would you tell that one
person no matter what you're doing if
you're running a business you're not
running a business
post a tick tock every single day for
the next year and see where that takes
you
post a tick tock every single day I love
how strategic that is like we're not
getting fluffy we're not getting like
motivational directly post a tick tock
every day for the next year I love it
awesome awesome thank you Addie I
appreciate you being here and uh have a
great rest of your day thanks bro make
sure to give Eddie a follow give this
episode a thumbs up don't forget to
subscribe and if you're interested in
working with Eddie check out his social
media profiles to learn a little bit
more about him and his agency one of my
personal biggest takeaways from today's
episode is that if you want to get
better at anything you have to put in
the practice you have to put in the Reps
if you want to be a better content
creator you have to create more content
if you want to grow on Tick Tock and
become better at making Tick Tock videos
or reels or YouTube videos start
creating more content thank you so much
for watching or listening today have a
great rest of your day and as always
happy networking
thank you
[Music]